---
layout: post
title: "Notes about TV shows"
date: 2020-01-01
comments: true
categories: [language, shows]
abstract: "notes about TV shows like 'Friends' "
---

#### S04E10

> I know what I'm giving you for Christmas.
>

> Like father, like son ( 虎父无犬子)

#### S04E06
cathy,**granted**, I just saw the back of her head, But **I got this sense that** she's smart and funny.

**i don't have a preference**. you?

**Joey's running a bit late**, and he says he's sorry.

It looks like we'll be stuck here.

> I need to talk to you about sth.
> What's up?
>


#### S04E04
Come on, don't say that, you just need more practice.

#### S04E02
Come on, **that was back** in high school (高中的事). How can it still bother you?

**The fat girl inside of me** realy wants to go. **I own her this**. I never let her eat.


#### S03E25
> what's going on here?  (怎么回事)

let me get this stragith. (让我理下)

#### S03E24
> **How did it go with** peter?

>**Can I just tell you** how proud I am of you?

#### S03E22
**I was supposed to** call my dad back like two hours ago.  (我该 ...)

**I gotta double-check for** tickets tonight.

> you look so familiar.
> **I ran into you**  (见过) in the hallway in your building.

**Look, I wasn't gonna say anything to you**, but ... (我本不想说 ...)

Hey, **you mind if I** use phone ...

Ross, would u stop it? **It's getting really old** (看腻了)

> Joey, **I'm so glad i caught you** (幸好见上你), **I couldn't find you before**.
> **What's going on**? (发生什么了)
> What about us?


#### S03E20
> my grandmother used to say that exact same thing to me.

**you didn't have to walk me** all the way back up here (不必麻烦送我回来)

> Bing? That's a great name.

> Not one that can pee on the roof.

>
> **Listen, what are u doing** after rehearsal?  **do u wanna get a drink or something**?
> yeah, sure. A drink sounds great.
> Cool. I will see u then.
>

> **What do u see in him**, anyway?  (你到底看上他哪)
>

It's gonna be all right.

> **this was fun. Let's do it again sometime. I'll give you a call.**
>

> that's **just a lot of big talk**. (仅仅说说而已)
>

> about what happened with us.
> no, let's **not make a big deal out of it**, okay?  (别小题大做)
> what are u talking about? it was a big deal. you can't tell me last night didn't mean something to you .
I was there. **You're not that good an actress**.
>

> **I have issues with commitment**, intimacy. I am really sorry, this isn't going to work out.
> **This isn't how I was hoping** this would end, **but I guess I have to appreciate your honesty**.
>


#### S03E19
I've kind of had this **crush on** you (喜欢). And you're not, **I'd really like to ask you out** sometime.

I'm not **attracted** to him at all (我对他没兴趣)

> It's time we move on (我们该放下了) . I mean, don't you think?

> "The inventor of the door rests happily in his grave" (门的发明者可以安息了)

> Can I ask you something?
> **Where are we**? (告诉我们情况). Just tell me the truth.
> you know what, don't be. **it's not so bad**. I'm not zhouruifa, or someone you find attractive.
> I just think that you might end up feeling differently.
> you wanna get someting to eat?
>

> Hey, listen, **you feel like getting a cup of coffee**?
>

> **How was work**?
> oh, great. Although  ...



#### S03E18
**Why don't you hold on to** that one.

**I'm really sick of** your smoking (我受够了 ... )

Frank told me so much about you, **but you're not how I pictured you at all** (跟我想象的不一样) .

> Can I get you something else? (你还要什么)

> I like you, I think you are great.
> what do u say?  why not?


#### S03E16
> Hi, it's me. I've been trying to reach you all night. I feel awful.
I'm just so sorry i put you through it.
and i don't want to get back together over a machine. and i love you.
I get to bed now, but on my way to work tomorrow morning. i'm gonna stop by around 8:30. bye.

Listen, **can you keep this information to yourself**? (保守秘密)

She was nothing compared to you.

**Could I get in on that**?  Because I'm kind of hungry myself. (算我一份)

> You said there was nothing so big that we couldn't work past it together.




#### S03E15
> there is a 'g' in there

He totally **gets me** (对我着迷)

we're **having second thoughts** about our copying needs.

> Sergei said **it took the germans six weeks to get all the way across it**.

this is **the extent of my knowledge on the subject**. (我只知道这么多)

You're not listening to me. I don't have time to stop.

> Look, about what happened earlier,

> what do u want from me?

> I cannot keep having this same fight over and over again, Ross. No, you're making this too hard
> Fine, Let's take a break, Let's cool off. okay?

>
> Hi, look, I was jsut gonna leave a message, isn't tonight your big anniversary dinner?
> Rach? Are you okay?
> **You wanna talk?  I mean I can come over**.
> All right. I'm coming over and I'm bringing chinese food.

#### S03E12
That's pretty much all I'm looking for from these people.

Come on, would you just think about it?  ( 考虑一下)

> I wanted to be with you. I don't know, **I feel like lately you're slipping away from me. I know it's dumb**, but i just hate that I'm not a part of it.

> I like that you're not involved in that part of my life.  Honey, see, it doesn't mean that I don't love you because I do. But my work it's for me, you know?  **I'm out there on my own, and i'm doing it. And it's scary, but I love it because it's mine**. **is that okay?**


#### Succession
Don't ever do that to me again.
I have no idea waht you're talking about.

Ok, uh, and I'd prefer it if you didn't say anything..

I aim to please, madam (乐意效劳)

Can u give us a minute ?

How do u feel?

Is there a problem?

what is it?

I was nice to spend some quality hours with you, gramps.

And how, may i ask, is uncle logan doing?  (怎么样了)



#### SO3E10
I don't mind **paying my dues** (不介意吃苦)

Is my misery **amusing to** you?

> Do you want my pickle?  (想吃我的泡菜么)
>
> I didn't have to, because I was wearing my "I heart Ross" sandwich board and ringing my bell.  (我穿着 ..., 一直摇铃铛)

> **I'm so proud of you**.
> Listen, I'm sorry i've been so crazy and jealous. It's just , i like you a lot, so
> **I know**


#### S03E08
Monica and I **aren't supposed to** play football. (have to)

It was so not an accident.

#### S03E07
So **what's matter**? You need a dentist?  I've got a good one.

Can I get a **napkin** too?  (纸巾)

**No, he's not**.

So **what are you gonna do**? **How are you gonna tell** Chandler?

**That's what i was gonna ask**. thank you.

Anything you want to tell me?

**No offense** (没有恶意), but **I've always thought of** Ben as a fairly bumpy-headed child.

Janice, **I have something I need to tell you**. **And I want you to let me get through it**.  (讲完) because it's not gonna be easy.



#### Modern love s104

Thank you very much for your time.

You have somtghing to **string together** there. (组织归纳)

**I was asking if** ...

we're **running like another five minutes late** (再晚5分钟). we are so sorry.

I'll try to **hurry them along**.  (催快点)

> thank you for that information.

I like that you did that.
Of course, it does put you at a bit of a disadvantage now in terms of getting the job.

It's important to **represent who you are** at these things.

I don't need an unfair advantage.

The question is: what don't we do?

So **I wonder how they met**.

Just fascinating to me. what that initial spark is, you know?

So **then why don't you ask him**, why you would ask your, ur, customers?

Do u have any preference?

Any yet love is so universal.
We understand so little about animals, except that.

>
>  Hey, are you okay?

>
>  Hey, what's up?

>
>  What are you talking about?

I threw myself into work. (埋头工作)

The statistics I was reading about contradicted ...


#### Modern love s105
You know when you move into a place and you visualize this whole new amazing life for yourself?

Can we just forget that that happened ?

I really had no expectation that this would happend tonight.

I'll make sure he does.

you'd stay if the roles were reversed.

It got the quality of slightly decadent espionage, people always **associate me with**

For me, it's paralyzing. and so I have no bandwidth left for actual experience.
Does it make sense?

People are so **concerned to put on** (努力展示) this big front normally, but now you've seen me my most vulnerable.

> I'm sorry
> What's that cause of death?
> was he sick for long?

#### Modern love season 1
Plus, if you **strike out** (不成功), you don't have to skulk off into the night, empty-handed like a total loser

> so, where we going?
> Anywhere. With you.
> I mean, you just, totally **brightened up** my day.
> You just don't let stuff like that **pass you by** in life. (溜走)

It doesn't matter how good you are at your job.
**I just can't defend anyone** missing days like that to our bosses

It's not getting off to a great start.  (开头不太顺利)

you shouldn't **feel obliged to do** this. (强迫)


#### S03E06
Wow, **it's like a dirty math problem**.

you guys do has never **bumped uglies** (丑闻).

Well, listen. I still have one more person to meet. But unless it turns out to be your sister.  I think your chances are pretty good.

wanna hear **something that sucks**? ( 烂事)

Just like you always wanted. congratulations.

so i think I'll get back to my friends.

Do u want to come in for some lemonade?

>This is a great place.
>thanks you. Just make yourslef comfortable.

>
>Sorry, I thought You liked me. I'm such a jerk.
>it's ok. I suppose it could happend to anyone.

>
> you okay?
> no. I don't know why you don't have a boyfriend.  you should have a boyfriend.
> Come here. Listen, you are one of my favorite people, and the most beautiful woman I
> 've ever known in real life

>
> This is nice
> I know, it is, isn't it?
> I mean it. This feels really good. is it 100% cotton?
> yeah. And I got it **on sale** (特价 ) too.
> Anyway, I should go. **one of the lfieguards was just about to dismantle a nuclear device.**
> **If you want to get a drink later, we can.**
> **yeah, that sounds great.**
> oh, and listen, it's gonna be good.
> i know, thanks.

>
> you know, you don't deserve this. You're so good. you're so sweet.
> thanks

What were you thinking about?

>
> what's wrong?
>


#### SO3E05
You're so sweet to wait with me.

I just wonder if I could ...

well, that kind of thing requires some serious thought.

You know, we really don't take advantage of living in the city. (白住了)

I hightly doubt that.

You should just leave it.

I was wondering if i could maybe buy you a cup of coffee.

we have an understanding. (共识)

I just **bumped you for that guy** over there.  (取代你)



#### S03E04
**what a sad little life she must lead**. (圈子真小的)

Face the fear

I've scared you.(吓着你了)  I've said too much.

I didn't recognize you in those pant.

I've actually **ruined** this, haven't it?  (搞砸了)

I'm so glad that you called. I know I've been acting really weird lately.
and it's just because I'm crazy about you. and i just got stupid and scared, really?

I love you too.

#### S03E02
am i in it?

I'll sing a song **about the wonder** that is joey. (歌颂joey的伟大)

You look great.

I don't know. You might be the first one.

I **went through** (经历) the same thing. And you know what i did? I got dressed.

"Hi, it's Monica. **I'm just checking in cause** I got this message from you. So let me know."

"hello, it's me. Yesterday was really fun. Call me about this weekend. okay?"

The cushions're the **essence** of the chair. (精华)

I would like **back** one of these days. (回避)

I'm sorry. we **didn't mean** it. (不是故意)

Just out of curiosity ...

I'm sorry. I want you there. I need you there.
Look. **what can i do to show you** how much you mean to me?

**I was quite impressed with** your paper on ...


#### S02E24
cause he was just so **darn** cute. (强调)

Mr. Beatty **comes up to me** and says  ... (过来**

**Who cares what that guy thinks.**

**looking like something** you drink when your nauseous. (像)

**I wonder** what our wedding's gonna be like.

so they can tell **grown ups** (大人) to **cut it out** (够了).

**Hey, you know i got a question for you, Just a little thing, no pressure.**

Did you ever, uh, like, think about the future?
yes, am i int it?

keep talking

**Do u see** kids in our future?

She didn't love him, which **incidentally worked out pretty well** for me. (顺带成全我)

See u in the parking lot.

If kids is **what I takes to be with you** then kids it is .
If i have to all, I'll do all again.

**I don't wanna lose you**, so if I have to do it all over again, then i will.


#### upload02
I want to be **independent and capable**.

Should I come back later?

I have no **earthly** needs anymore, I was asking out of a purely spiritual desire to help. (世俗)

Are u sure you are okay?

If you need me for personal shopping, ...


#### upload01
Am I **crashing** something right now? (唐突)

yeah, no big deal.

I'm feeling **pretty chill** (relax).

**You're supposed to just refer to me** as your angel.

Just let it sink in how lucky you are.

You, uh, want to go for a hike?  They ahve some beautiful trails around the lake.

Here you're **at their mercy**, I guess. (被摆布)

It's not for me. (我没兴趣)

**because your consciousness can think and comapre with your memories. That's still you.**

thinking and being alive.

i mean, maybe the imperfections make it more like life.  cause life isn't perfect.
Life is  the most magical gift there is.


#### S02E23
it is so ironic **considering** i'm a vegetarian.

**Was I supposed to** bring something too? (我是不是也该带点什么)

You know, **I like the way you have** effieicently

well, I am confuese. I thought we shared time.

because **it's in a slightly different time zone than** the kitchen.


#### S02E22
Hi Honey, how did it go?

Look, are you gonna be ok?

come again?  (can u say it again?)

Good to know (if someone gives infor)



#### S02E21
everywhere I go today I **keep getting signs telling me** to go see my father.

I am so **beat** (累)

just wanna make sure **we're on the same page** (达成共识)

How'd the interview go?

forget it. it's probably **stripped and sold for parts** by now. (拆成零件**

we're here for you .

**Only once in a blue moon does** a dog's ear grow back. (仅仅 ... 狗耳朵才会再长出来)

Hey, pheebs, if you want, I'll do it.



#### S02E19
Glad to be of help.

Listen, um honey, I appreciates this. but you don't have to keep hanging out with them for me.

oh, why does this bother me so much?

ok, what the hell happened back there? (刚刚怎么回事**

I really am sorry about, you know, before. **i just want to make sure that i really do like you**.


#### S02E18
That was so lame. (好烂)

Oh, thank you Pheebs. **That's very sweet**. **Hear that?** She likes me best, and **apparently** there've been a lot.

**Your name came up in a conversation** that terrified me to my very soul.

You look good.

It's gonna be ok.

#### S02E17
**you know what they say**: (俗语云)

look, I know you don't want to hear this right now.

sweetie, listen before I forget, did I leave my diaphragm at your place?

Because you were **mean** to me ... (刻薄)

#### S02E16
Wow, this is **wild**! What are you gonna get? (很棒)

"That's lucky. what if her name was ..."

Rich is gonna be here **any minute**. (随时会到)

I tell you, I've never seen him **this happy**. (这么快乐)

very **tasteful**.

no-no, **it's not what you think**


#### S02E15
"all right, but you better be wearing clothes when I open mye eyes"

> "So, uh, how was your day?"
> "You know, pretty much the usual, sun shining, burds chirping"
> "Really? Mine too"

You look great ( 你很美)

> "So how you been?"
> "I've been great, just great. How have you been?"
> "Obviously you know Barbara and I **split up** ... "

You two **are totally into** each other (互有好感).

"27 is a dangerous eye age."

**It would really help when I'm kissing if you didn't** shout my sister's name .

**what?** (怎么了)

just put your hands out and i'll **back up into** them (倒回)  .

"**how'd it go?**" (结果如何)

There's no need to **make it up** (补偿). How?



#### S02E14
> **what's this for?**
> well, I'm making money now, and **this is paying you back for** head shots,electric bills, and
> so many slices of pizza I can't even count
> **This is a little extra something for** **always being there for me** (一直以来对我的关照).

I don't know what to say .

**You are so wearing** that bracelet. (绝配)

Once I'm used to the extra weight, I'll be back on track.

**That's your call** (悉听尊便).

Monica, if you want, I can lend you some money.

Man, that is **sharp** (犀利)

**"We were so sorry to hear about your parents"** splitting up.

**"I really have to be somewhere but it was nice meeting you"**.

We were just **doing some impressions** (模仿) over here.

It's just not worth it.


#### S02E13
Don't take it personal. He's under a lot of pressure.

**We've got a problem.  She refuses to acknowledge** her mustache.
**Now unless someone convinces her to** let me bleach it.

You **look great job growing up**.

Back then, I used humor as a defense mechanism.

"Execuse me, Hi. This is gonna sound kind of goofy, but my friend, she thinks you're cute."
"what should i tell her?"

What a jerk! (混蛋) I kept talking about you, and he kept asking me out.


It's not a big deal. (不是大事)

Thanks for letting me **tag along** tonight, you guy. (带上我)

"That's an exciting job. You must have a ton of cool responsibilities"

"So what are you guys gonna eat?"  (大家想吃什么)

**Because I went to an all-boys high school, and God is making up for it?** (我上的男校, 现在god要补偿我)




#### S02E09

Money is so **impersonal**, cookies says someone really cares.  (没人情味)

**I didn't want to go wrong with her**. (我不想跟着骗你)

Do you still mad with me? (不要生我气)

That's right. **I forgot about your ability to** fuse metal.

**I didn't get you anything**. (我没有准备你的礼物)

That's ok, **you took a big step** today. (踏出了一步)

**And last, but not least** ... (压轴)

He would stand and **gaze up at her with adoring eyes**.  (爱慕的眼神凝视)

**It was apple-blossom time**, and the days were getting warmer.

Fern **peered** through the door. (to look carefully or with difficulty, 仔细看)

Wilbur **tagged along** at Fern's heels.   (紧跟)

Fern **broke down and wept**. (忍不住哭)

#### S02E08

**You got all that from** saline solution?  (发了这么多想法... )

**Even though** I **made him up** He must decide. (虚构)

**No offense**, but that sounds nothing like her.

"My wallet's too small for my fifties, and my diamond shoes are too tight"

**I've seen her be a little** too into her looks. (我觉得她太注重外表了)

**It's always been you**, Rach. (爱的一直是你)

**You'd be a great person to** have around the day after an emergency.   (适合马后炮)

Hey, **Cut him some slack** (放他一马). It was Chandler's idea.

**Let's get some perspective here**. **These things happen for a reason**.  (你们想下, 事出有因)

Come on, You gotta give me another chance. (别这样,再给我一次机会)





#### S02E07

It couldn't have been worse. A woman **literally** passed through me (简直把我当空气).

You know what, **I go through the exact same thing**. (我也有过相同的经历)

I would, but that might **get in the way of** my lying-around time. (妨碍)

Hey Phoebs, **how'd it go with Scott last night**?

**If I seem a little nervous, I am**.

Ok, Mike, **Let's talk about you**

But because for the last hour and a half **I've been playing the movie Diner in my head**.  (回忆电影 Diner的情节)
Look, I've been through a divorce. **Trust me, you're gonna be fine**.

Laterly, I've **sort of had feelings for you**. (我对你有点感觉)

**Let me get this straight**. (让我先搞清楚)

I was doing great with Julie before **I found that about you**.






#### S02E04
Hold it. I **gotta side with** Chandler on this one. (我帮chandler说话)

**You never know**. (天有不测风云)

I don't know, **lately I get the feeling that** I'm not so much being pulled down as I am being pushed.

It's NewTon and he's **pissed**. (生气)

What can I do for you?

I didn't see it, but I want to believe you.


#### S02E03
I can **get a message to** her. (传话)

You are **dead meat**. (麻烦大了)

If **I'm going down**, I'm taking everybody with me. (拉个垫背的)

Pressing my third nipple **opens the delivery entrance to the magical land of** Narnia.  (打开仙境之门)

In some culture, Having a third nipple **is actually a sign of** (象征) virility.

You're **setting yourself up all over again** (重蹈覆辙)  .

ho, god, **I don't know how to tell you this**.


In a nutshell, (简单说)

You **put it off**. (延迟)

I don't wanna **mess it up** (搞砸), you know?

**Catch me off guard** with (趁我没防备) a good kiss, and then **look far into my eyes** (凝视我眼睛),

#### S02E02
I couldn't **resist** (抗拒不了)

**I'll be right back**. (马上回来)

We're just **hanging out by** the spoons. (我们只是来看看汤勺)

You have to **get used to it**. (习惯)

> **I was just wondering if after work we could grab a cup of coffee** ...* ?
> actually, I sort of have plans.
> maybe some other time.
>

>Rachel, do you have any muffins **left**?
>Anyone else want one?

>listen, you guys,

**It's like** cheaing ....  (就像)

And then **I realized that I'm against** that . (我发现我反对...)

**I was just trying to be nice to** her ...

And then **one thing led to another** ... (然后顺理成章)

Of course, the **packaging** (容器) does **appeal to** **grownups** (成年人) and kids.

It's no big dal (没什么)

**Say** (假设) you do that, sooner or later, somebody will come along that ....

**this isn't supposed to mean anything to me**. (对我来说毫无意义)

I say you **stand your ground** (坚守阵地)

I probably shouldn't even tell you this ...

I really wanted you to like me, and **It's probably me just being totally paranoid** (也许是我胡思乱想)




#### S02E01
She's gonna **go for it** (争取) with Ross.

This is amazing, **how did this happen?**

**We just wanted to say a quick hi**. Then we'll see the baby.
Then we've gonna get some sleep.

I like being surprised.

She looks at me and sees a friend. That's all.

You own me one (你欠我), guy.

But the **silver lining** (好的一面), if you wanna see it is that ...

I'm tring to **spare** your feeling (照顾你的感受) .

**That's so sweet** (你真好) . Okay, No, you hang up.

**I wanted you to have** him too.
I know you did. (我知道你的心意)


**What's going on**? (怎么回事)

You got to tell Ross how you feel. (你必须告诉你的感受)

I think it's **10**.

**You deserve to be with** someone who appreciates you.
Someone who you feel good.



#### S01E21
That may just be a **pipe dream** (百日梦) .

I'd say that chair's taking **the brunt of** (主要压力) it.

Well, It's **technically** (严格) not a zoo. It's **more of** (更像是) an interactive wildlife experence.

They wanna know **if you're gonna be showing up for** work (是否上班) .

If it wasn't for you, **I would never have gotten to** sing ...

**If you guys don't mind, I'd like to take a moment**, just me and him.  s


#### S01E20
I don't know. You don't wanna **mess with** (惹恼) ...

what's going on? (怎么回事)

oh, I **wasn't expecting** ... (没想到)

Hey, I've been **honing** (一直在演练)

Maybe we could get together later?  (改天可以见个面)


#### S01E19
I kind of wanted to **run something by you** (有些话想对你说)

No, **you know what? It's partially my fault**.  I shouldn't have ...

**I'm sure** there's some friendly way to reconcile this. (调和)

**we do have certain expertise in** the ... (在 ... 有专长)

**step aside** (闪开)

Listen, I'm sorry **I was so hard on you** before (对你很凶) .

We still have that bottle of wine. **Are you in the mood of** something grape?


#### S01E18

**I mean it** (说真的). **I'm sick of** the tips (厌倦) .

That wasn't an incident (不是故意的).

**Bad things happen to me anyway**. (反正够倒霉了)


#### S01E17

Well, **only if you order stuff**. (只有点东西才会贵)

Look, I don't wanna do anything to **screw it up with** Ursual. (不想让ursual 不开心)

If you tried something like that, You'd **be staing at** (面对糟糕情况) the business end of a **hissy fit** (不可控制的生气)

Aren't you a little cute to be a doctor? (当医生是否太帅了点)

**It's like returning to the scene of** the crime. (相当于回到犯罪现场)

I'm not **freaking out** (extremely emotional 不紧张)

"This is a great place. How long have you lived here?"

You just called **a little while ago** about needing ...

OK, worst case scenario. **Say** (假設) you never feel like a father.



#### S01E16

Not from where I was standing.  (从我角度看不会)

I'll catch you in  gym (健身房见)

I'll flip you for it. (掷硬币)

Once you're inside, you don't have to knock anymore.

He **does not handle criticism very well**. (不喜欢被批评)



#### S01E15
**That's the thing** I don't know ... (问题就在于)

It's great for me, caz you can make yummy noises.

Maybe this will **cheer you up**.  (让你开心)

I don't mean to brag (不是自吹自擂)

I was always **rooting for you** (支持) two kids to get together (交往)



#### S01E14
Roger **wants to take her out** tomorrow night.

We're some kind of magnets.

Here's my credit card.  **Dinner's on me**.  (算我的)

I have enjoyed the fact that ...

**Anything else I should know?**  ..
Nope. That's it.

There's no way to tell you this ...

Maybe I **screwed up** my first date in nine years.  (搞砸)



#### S01E13

You have no respect for anybody's privacy.

Did I miss something?

tit for tat (以牙还牙)

I don't mean to be disrespectful ...


#### S01E12
I did this as a favor. I am not a caterer.  (我是帮你,我不是承包)

**What am I supposed to do?** (我该怎么办)

I'm out of sorts (我心烦)

Well, he made a move on me.  he made a pass at me. (他吃我豆腐)


You **pick up the pieces**, and then you usher in the age of Ross (把握机遇, 走向ross 时代)

See, Rich, I don't think that swearing off guys altogether **is the answer**, I really don't.
**I think that what you need is to** develop a more sophisticated screening process. (更成熟的辨别方法)


#### S01E11
He's a lawyer who teaches sculpting on the side(兼职).

#### S01E10
So how'd it go?  (怎么样)

It's all political. (潜规则)   It's just such a slap in the face. (当头一棒)

I thought she had a hard quality. (没什么气质)

**you are luminous with** a kind of a delicate grace.  (散发古典美)

I had **such a blast with him the other night**. (那天晚上和他玩的愉快)

It was probably the first time I ever **mentally** undressed an elf. (产生扒光小精灵衣服的念头)

It's tearing me apart. (我心如刀割)   I have no choice.

I don't know how to tell you this ...

**I'm no math whiz** ... **But I do believe** there are three girls and three guys right here ..




#### S01E09

**I was wondering do you think it would be possible if** I got ?

Not that I believe any of this.  (并不表示我信这个)

**I'd just like to say** that **I'm totally behind** (完全赞同) the experiment.

we all chipped in. (凑钱)

I gotta tell you. You're the best in the business. (我得说,你在那里最棒)

Really?  You don't know what that means to me.  (我很感动)

I guess what I'm trying to say is that ...

#### S01E08
how's it going?

**how's she doing?** (她情况怎么样)  The doctor says **it's a matter of hours**. (只剩几个小时)

**It's a wonder** your mother **turned out to be the positive, life-affirming** (健康向上) person that she is.


#### S01E01


#### reference
* [六人行 第四季](https://ustv123.com/%E5%85%AD%E4%BA%BA%E8%A1%8C-%E7%AC%AC%E5%9B%9B%E5%AD%A3-%E7%B7%9A%E4%B8%8A%E7%9C%8B/)
* [老友记 第三季](https://ustv123.com/%E5%85%AD%E4%BA%BA%E8%A1%8C-%E7%AC%AC%E4%B8%89%E5%AD%A3-%E7%B7%9A%E4%B8%8A%E7%9C%8B/#)
* [老友记 第二季](https://www.dililitv.com/vplay/NTU0MC0xLTE=.html)
* [六人行](https://ustv123.com/%E5%85%AD%E4%BA%BA%E8%A1%8C-%E7%AC%AC%E4%B8%80%E5%AD%A3-%E7%B7%9A%E4%B8%8A%E7%9C%8B/#)
* [老友记](https://www.bilibili.com/video/av46066190/?spm_id_from=333.788.videocard.2)
