---
layout: post
title: "Notes on people"
date: 2026-04-21
comments: true
categories: [home, learning, self, important]
abstract: "Notes on 对不同背景的人的理解和激励"
---

#### note  
##### **对不同背景的人的理解和激励**    
* 先学会“做好一件事”， 再学会“**知道你的角色和团队协作**”，
以及学会“**如何与不同的人沟通**”， 再考虑领导力的事  

* 领导力包含许多方面： **对不同背景的人的理解和激励**，见识，阅历，耐心，
以及 **在困难情况下做决定的能力**   
    - most people do not want truth. **they want a story that protects their pride** and gives their weakness a noble name. **Speak to self-interest before** you speak to logic. the mind resists correction, but it will open for the person who makes change feel like self-respect again, at last.
        -  **先讲利益（情感，价值和需求）**，后讲逻辑  
    - the wise man studies the ego first, because logic enters **only where pride feels safe**  
        - people react to what the facts threaten inside them  

* character  
    - 是否是个好人  
    -  **integrity**  - 一致性  
       - 言行一致，透明且可靠  
       - family - accountability  
    - courage  
    - wisdom  
    - temperance  

##### Incentive  
* Intention vs Incentive  
    - Intention is why you want to act  
        + internal, comes from your personal desires, values, or purpose  
    - **Incentive** is why you are being driven to act
        + external, comes from another person, a system, or the environment

* game theory  
    * **incentives shape outcomes**. Even a loyal cooperator could defect under the right incentives  
    * **the power to walk away** unscathed enables superior negotiation tactics.
The one who **possesses an outside option** can play more ruthlessly
    * **Life is an iterated game**. Your strategies may create harsh consequences for future interactions.
    * Cooperation is superior to defection, but only until the game nears its end.
If there is no looming shadow of the future, betrayal is to be expected.

* game theory explains why being "nice" without boundaries attracts exploitation  
    - You are giving benefits without making behavior accountable.
    The other side learns they can receive your patience, forgiveness, attention, and effort 
    without paying the price of respect. **kindness without structure** becomes a subsidy for bad behavior.  
    - kindness is good until you have set appropriate boundaries and limitations,if not it will start to exploit you and your peace.

* developing a BATNA (Best Alternative To a Negotiated Agreement) to gain leverage in negotiations  

#### reference
* [On Education and Learning](https://raymondworkshop.github.io/on-education-and-learning-2020-12-20/)
